familiarity-out-of-7:: 2

- CAD/CAE Workshops (wk3,6,7,9): F2F
  Group A01A: 9:00 –10:30 Tuesdays (HHB1208)
- time-venue:: Monday 9-12 HHB-705
- group project don't select too complicated and too simple parts. each member responsible to study the manufacturing process of a part.
	- [[DM group project]] ideas
		- Passive Stabilizer / Physical Gimbal
			- Ioning method?
			-
			- https://grabcad.com/library/smartphone-gimbal-1
		- Monitor Stand
		- Gym Bench
		- Hiking Pole
		- whiteboard
		- 飛機帶 Tie Down Straps
		-
- Reference:
	- Dieter 2021 -> Design
	- Kalpakjian -> Manufacturing
-
- Manufacturing Design constraints:
	- 安
	- 環
	- 經濟性
	- 物流問題
	- 工人技術水平
- Concurrent Engineering:   Thinking the product design and manufacturing process simultaneously.
- Keep the alternative solutions - tracings! even though it was not thought as the best solution
-
-
- [[Lecture 2: Standard Mechanical Components]]
	- [[Shaft]] vs [[Axle]]  shaft is a rotating member that is used to transfer power. There may or may not be normal loads applied to it. Whereas an axle is a rotating member that does not transfer power but only handles normal loads.
		- [[Key]] if too big, cutting out too much shaft, will make the edge of the leftover shaft, which is the contact area, to perhaps break
		- [[]]
	-
	- [[screw washer]] principle:
	- when tighten, the spring tension up. When spanner is removed, the washer push the nut to tight and prevent it from loosening.
	-
	-
	- [[Bearing]] roller bearing has larger surface area (being a line of contact), lower pressure, so can bear extra load.
		- thrust bearing:     supports force along the axial direction.  VS radial bearing withstands radial force.
	-
	- [[Gear]] spiral gear has larger contact area so it can handle higher loading.
		- [[Worm]]
	-
	-
	-
	-