- [[84062 Beng Mechan]] 15 + (6) => 18 => 3 => 16 => 18       :  70 cred
	- Each full-time student will be assigned an Academic Advisor. Students are encouraged to consult
	  their Academic Advisors for matters concerning their studies.
- Attendance
  There is no mandatory attendance requirement for PolyU-SPEED award programmes. It is
  nevertheless important that you attend classes and study-related activities regularly and
  punctually. Participation forms a critical part in the learning process, contributing to the desired
  learning outcomes. Absence will affect study progress and you should not be absent without good
  reason. Individual subjects may have specific attendance requirements and you are required to
  observe the requirements as stipulated in the Subject Description Forms.
  Some programmes consist of Continuing Education Fund (CEF) reimbursable subjects. For CEF
  reimbursement claims, you are required to fulfil the attendance requirement as stipulated by the
  Office of CEF.
  Should there be an attendance requirement, the calculation of the attendance rate is based on the
  actual total class contact hours of the class. Sick leave and approved leave of absence are also
  counted as absence in the calculation of attendance.
  Punctuality is expected of students. Students who are late for lectures for 30 minutes or more, or
  late for tutorials for 15 minutes or more will be recorded as absent.  (p.20)
- Application forms: https://www48.polyu.edu.hk/myspeed_new/e-resources
-
-