- [[Atonement]]
	- {{renderer :wordcount_}}
		- Style
			- The book prefer meticulous record of feelings over constantly include exciting events. Within those description of the peaceful environment, Briony is always thinking about the guilt. but it meticulously record character's interpretation of the surroundings, and his/her reflection. That connects with the book idea of atonement, where
			-
		- Devoted writer and finished making her depute screenplay. Briony is intelligent.
			- She is experiencing adulting, "people is hell", the world is not revolving around her
				- The troublesome cousin visiting have their own troubles that Briony cannot control and help
				- Robbie Turner is making his own life, doing big career switch
				- Nun and mother are arguing over
				- Marshall is preoccupied with  making investment decision and convincing counterparts amid a turbulent political turmoil
			- Comparatively, in her own story,  she is a god.
		- Robbie is a side character in her life. But he suddenly has a big incidence at the fountain with Cecilia who Briony looked up to very much.
			- Briony indulged herself into fantasy after that.
		- page 293 ->  "Ch.11" in the online book
		- page 167, continues Robbie story after realizing that Cecilia had read his vulgar letter
		- page 177, in that shrinking moment he discovered that he had never hated anyone until now.
		- propelled by "girlish rectitude"
		- page 215, decided that Robbie is a 'maniac' that offends every ladies
		- "The truth instructed her eyes" (p.216)
			- She felt and wanted to be trusted as a grown-up that has confidence in what she saw. Otherwise it seems a waste of time
			-
			-
			-
		- "Were they all really bounded by a single day? (p.234)
		-
	- [[Atonement]]Chapter 9
		- angle go towards Robbie
		- good plot: all character has meaning. At least has some interaction and stimulation to the round caharcheter
		-
	-