- 1. Why is this movie chosen? How is the movie relevant to human growth, human development and/or human nature?
	-
	- When a life transforming opportunity appear before your eye, what would you do?
		- A wonder appear before your eye, essentially creating a new society before your hand, it will forever be remembered to be created by you. What would you do?
		- Friends are those who won't betray you. But what happen when friends betray you? We have social etowrking sites for you to meet so many more people in the world with you. How worthy is keeping a friendship in modern days?
	- University students are thinking what they want to become in the future.
		- Work friends? who will support you?
	-
	- Four characters choice towards it
		- Mark - defer graduation to fall into it
		- Tyler brothers - upper class member, eager to preserve "Harward Gentleman" title, such that slack. Failed to comprehend how much they have lost
		- Elcardo - Money and fame is not everything. Hardwork is important, longterm cooperation. honour / to be a solid person is important. So he will continue to work with Mark and not betray
	-
	-
	-
	- Thrownn away idea:
		- Facebook and "start-up" mindset still hold strong societal.recognition in the world. This is like an overdose version of it. *Exclusivity*/ *Networking*
			- Winner takes all.
				- Middler between suppliers and consumers. Matching. people. Have to have both sides to
				- e.g. very hard to start a new whatsapp.   No advantage to switch to the new app.
				- The more general notion of friendship, facing shame and guilt, and pursuit of success.
	- Trouble faced by Elcardo. Not a trustworthy partner. cheats on people. A bit of sunk cost already. Face the stupid "being fooled" thing. consequence.
	- How the first girl deal. By the first girl friend of him: cut him off. World is very big, no need to align yourself with him anymore.
	- Elcardo wants the joy of doing things part by part. Pursuading. Mark  believes his capacity is already out-of-the-scale, his job is to reap the merit and have people worship him.
	-
- 2. Summarize the plot of the movie in your own words in a coherent and comprehensible manner.
	- Mark is an arrogant and hateful programmer. He doesn't know why people are not respecting him more. They don't know the power of coding yet. Instead of self-pity, in the hard times, he won't change his personaility, instead he will double down, show them his true colors. Make people bow to his geniusity.
	- He will get-hands-dirty and have the brain. So he gained the attraction from Tyler brother. Tyler brother is the top player in the Harvard/ upper class social circle. In Harvard, they are sharpening their saw, strengthening their connections with other prospective students. So they can sustain their family empire better. They like their current life being "Harvard Gentleman"
	- Tyler brother pitched a preliminary networking site idea to Mark. They offer him a promising-looking job: become a Chief Engineer for them. But The brother did not know how much Mark is eager to break into fame. They underestimated his talent and thought becoming a "trusted engineer" is what Mark will satisfy. But Mark at the early stage decided to deceive them.  Tyler brother never encounter such person before. Everyone they met before wants something from them. But Mark only needed their idea and nothing more.
		- At this point, the audience is light heartened, they still like the under-dog Mark. Tyler loses in the battle, but landed on feet. Comfortable life has slowed their action. Mark is even more decisive and bold then the Harvard brothers, thats why he succeded.
	- Educardo learnt about this incidence of Mark betrayed Tyler later on. He was shocked, but believe in their bond. He sees Mark as a talent that can rise. So he forgive Mark attitude and wish that he will stop stupid move
	- Climax of the film. Mark finds facebook possibility to impact everyone in every country. Only him and other trust fund big boy can nurture its full potential. At the end Educardo and him is different. Educardo is not as desperate as him to build the internet empire. So in a split second made the decision to sabotage him.
	- Mark loses respect from everyone in-the-know (the lawyers, ex-girlfriend). He owns the empire but he is lonely. Thrill of growth has ended. The ex insulted him so much in the past is using facebook. At heart he knows he has done unhonourable things that cannot be counterbalanced by his technical ability. He is again confused.
	-
-
-
- collapsed:: true
  3. How are the characters/protagonists presented?
	- Mark as. Angry nerd, intelligent, has a tendency to ride over people (Tyler brother) from early.  He tricked and stole the Tyler brother's idea. Viewers still have some compassion for him at that point. But his disregard of others.
	- Educardo and his peers. Innocent, wanting recognition from the social circle. unfocused to break out as the top top top business person.
	-
- collapsed:: true
  4. What are the major themes of the movie? How are the themes presented successfully or unsuccessfully in the movie, in your opinion?
	- you don't get to 500 million friends without making a few enemies
	-
- 5. Any fictional element(s) that works particularly well in this movie? And why?
	-
	- Thrill of viralness. Becoming the talk of the town. Online prescence is an even lasting partying on the web. It might be even better than
- collapsed:: true
  6. Anything you think that does not work well in this movie? And why?
	- Hard for English as second languagers to read the subtext
- collapsed:: true
  7. Anything else you would like to add to help the audience deepen their understanding of the movie as a fictional art form
	- Makr has not respect Educardo since the beginning. He doesn't want to record the cheque Educardo funded into.
	- Big scam on Educardo
		- Not redeeming his $1900 cheque. Not appearing in offical record.
		- the company need unanimous consent to have a new portion of shares.
		- Mark 1. greedy for the other perecent. 2. significant minority in the company, making Mark to have to consult him.
			- Disregard for others' idea
			- Disregard for others' contribution and asset
			- Because at present I am better than you, that means your rights is funny to me.